Channel lists are used for several purposes. They may be used to specify a
set of channels, or they may be used to store per-channel information such
as reference selection or physical source channel in a channel map.



A "project-level channel list" is a structure with one field per folder,
indexed by user-assigned folder label. Each folder's field contains a
"folder-level channel list".



A "folder-level channel list" is a structure with one field per bank, indexed
by bank label. Each bank's field contains a "bank-level channel list".



A "bank-level channel list" is a structure with the following fields:

- "chanlist" is a vector containing integer-valued channel indices.
- "scalarmeta" (optional) is a structure containing metadata that isn't
  stored per-channel.
Other optional fields are vectors or cell arrays with per-channel metadata.

Situation-specific optional fields are described below:

For channel lists specifying data to be read:
- "samprange" (optional) [firstsamp lastsamp] is a two-element vector
  specifying the range of samples to read. Sample index 1 is the first sample.
  If "samprange" isn't given or is empty ([]), all samples are read.

For channel lists derived from metadata:
- "scalarmeta.banktype" is a copy of the signal bank metadata's "banktype"
  field.

For reference selection:
- "reflist" is a cell array containing user-specified labels of references
  to use for each channel, when re-referencing. A label that's an empty
  character array means "don't re-reference".
  (References are typically defined as channel lists stored elsewhere.)

For channel mapping:
- "foldersrc" is a cell array containing the folder labels of the source
  channels for each channel in "chanlist".
- "banksrc" is a cell array containing the bank labels of the source
  channels for each channel in "chanlist".
- "chansrc" is a vector containing channel indices of the source channels
  for each channel in "chanlist".

For per-channel signal processing:
- "resultlist" is a cell array containing the output of the signal processing
  function that was called for each channel (per PROCFUNC.txt).



This is the end of the file.
